one way that you could make paperwork go faster is trying. Just streamline
the process and figure out areas to reduce those administrative
burdens. I mean, that's a direct order. Coming from Department of Defense
is the major priority for all forces globally is reducing administrative
burdens. So if you find yourself doing certain paperwork
that you feel is just not necessary anymore, maybe there's a better
way. Maybe this can be automated or done via computer and sent via
email as opposed to something I have to print out, sign and route. Then
find those innovative solutions and bring those up to your chain
of command. And they should be accepting of those, since they've got
overarching guidance, you know, from the top down that we need as
a whole to reduce those administrative burdens. So just figure out a
way to streamline those processes and make things more automated. Um,
Tiu reduce the time that is taking you for that paperwork